Original Sentence: Haveyoueverdancedwiththedevilinthepalemoonlight?

Here Are The Best Possible Solutions From Best to Worst:

1: Have you ever da nc ed with the devil in the pale moon light?
2: Have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moon light?
3: Have you ever da nc ed with th ed evil in the pale moon light?
4: Have you ever danced with th ed evil in the pale moon light?
5: Have you ever da nc ed with the devil in the pale moonlight?
6: Have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight?
7: Have you ever da nc ed with th ed evil in the pale moonlight?
8: Have you ever danced with th ed evil in the pale moonlight?
9: Have you ever da nc ed with the de vi lint he pale moon light?
10: Have you ever danced with the de vi lint he pale moon light?
11: Have you ever da nc ed with the devil in the pale mo on light?
12: Have you ever da nc ed with the de vi lint he pale moonlight?
13: Have you ever danced with the devil in the pale mo on light?
14: Have you ever danced with the de vi lint he pale moonlight?
15: Have you ever da nc ed with th ed evil in the pale mo on light?
16: Have you ever danced with th ed evil in the pale mo on light?
17: Have you ever da nc ed with the devil in th ep ale moon light?
18: Have you ever danced with the devil in th ep ale moon light?
19: Have you ever da nc ed with th ed evil in th ep ale moon light?
20: Have you ever danced with th ed evil in th ep ale moon light?
21: Have you ever da nc ed with the de vi lint he pale mo on light?
22: Have you ever da nc ed with the devil in th ep ale moonlight?
23: Have you ever danced with the de vi lint he pale mo on light?
24: Have you ever danced with the devil in th ep ale moonlight?
25: Have you ever da nc ed with th ed evil in th ep ale moonlight?
26: Have you ever danced with th ed evil in th ep ale moonlight?
27: Have you ever da nc ed with the devil in th ep ale mo on light?
28: Have you ever danced with the devil in th ep ale mo on light?
29: Have you ever da nc ed with th ed evil in th ep ale mo on light?
30: Have you ever danced with th ed evil in th ep ale mo on light?
